The Joe Rogan experience.
Or the aliens land I've been thinking of new Orleans are coming. Yeah. You know.
I was talking to a buddy of mine the other day, another billionaire.
I've got a few billionaire buddies and I really,
I think I'm sucking up dump for a reason.
They'll tell you in advance, what's about to happen.
Well, uh, and, uh, w w well, this one,
this guy, particular guy is, uh, uh, really, really, really smart.
And, uh, he has no doubt in his mind whatsoever that,
uh, aliens are, uh, dancing among us. And.
Uh, pass me the little baby cigars, Ron white. I love those things.
They're the dark one other different colors. Well, there's this one. Oh,
that's not a cigar. I know what the that is. That's us CDB.
We were talking about earlier.
Well, that light. Hmm. Thank you, sir. Yeah, I'm convinced.
Okay. I'm a hundred percent convinced.
I used to be a 60% and you were up to a hundred. Yeah.
I talked to commander Fravor, David.
Yeah. At one time in my lab, I could do a 75 pushups and I'm down to three.
All right. Get back up to 75.
I'll show you how all right. You got nothing else to do.
I've talked to people that have seen them.
I talked to this one guy who was a pilot in the,
is he the air force and Navy Navy pilot. I believe commander favors in the Navy.
And, um, he encountered this thing that they call the tic TAC UFO. This is a,
an object that they tracked on radar that went from 60,000 feet to one
foot above sea level in less than a second. They don't know how fast it did it.
Cause it was literally a blip in the radar.
It went from 60,000 feet down to one feet. They have no idea how fast it moved.
They have no idea how it did it. It shows no signs of propulsion.
There's no heat, no exhaust signature. There's nothing that,
that has an, any indication that it's acting in any way,
like in any propulsion system that we've ever observed before, right?
Yeah. Yeah. John was telling me to watch it, uh,
a show called closing.
Jamie just nailed it. Whatever it was. You just found it. You just did it. Oh,
it's backing. Yeah. There's a little, uh, folks, if you hear there's a little,
um, there's a little strange audio hum. That Jamie's trying to track down,
gets aliens. We'll get this worked out. Yeah. We'll get it worked out.
I don't think anybody's going to care. They might. I don't think so.
So you eat how many ways if I had to give you a percentage of whether or not
aliens are real, what's the percentage for you? Um.
81.3.
Hmm. That's a good number. 81.3. That's likely.
Yeah. Likely. I mean, how could it not be, you know, how could it not be?
Uh, uh, uh, I, you know, I really don't even,
it was kind of odd that he and I were talking about it,
but he has a really nice plane and he lives in Malibu in Austin.
And so every time he moves from one city to the other,
it happens to fit my schedule. Exactly. Right. So I'm like, that's weird.
I was going to Beverly Hills today. How about I hop on a plane, Ron,
I'm on it by myself. Come on. Let's go. And uh, nice. So, uh,
when he pops back down to Austin, he would just, just for a couple of days,
you know, I hop on and I, I really enjoy this guy's mind.
And I consider him a mentor in business and life,
John Paul DeJoria. And, uh, but he just started talking.
About it, but good things about that guy. God, he's the best I hear.
He's a fascinating dude.
Yeah. You know, if he would do your podcast.
And I'm sure he'd do it. I think he would, I would love to have him on.
You know, he's a guy that started selling shampoo out of the trunk of his
car, you know, and, uh,
and sold patroned I think last year for
$5.1 billion and still owns
66, 60 other companies, including Paul Mitchell. Would you started here.
At what point do you stop working when you, that governor.
Never, he never wants to stop. He never considered stopping.
I was so shocked when he sold patrolman, uh,
because I just didn't think he ever would, you know,
because he doesn't need to sell it. And uh,
but for whatever reason he did. And uh,
and in fact I said something that made him laugh really hard.
Cause he told me about it. He called me and told me he saw,
I sold it to Bacardi for 5.1 billion. And I said, well,
that sounds like a lot of money,
but it sounds like more money when you realize the 0.1 is a hundred million
dollars. That's like the biggest 0.1 there is right.
There is no 0.1 trillion during that doesn't even exist. It's a point,
1 billion is a hundred billion. But he said that, uh,
to watch him watch a show, which I never watched because I,
I think he got an advanced copy of it,
which was quite close encounters of the fifth kind is what it's called. And uh,
I looked it up and it was, and it was coming on something,
but it hadn't been on yet. So I think he just got an advanced copy of it.
And he said that it'll, it'll take every single doubt out of your mind.
That's ever been there. Wait.
A minute. Isn't that? The Steven Greer movie.
Now that's close encounters of the third kind. No, no, no.
That's Steven Spielberg. Oh yeah. Okay. Steve was, yeah.
Steven Greer was the guy we had on the podcast before. Oh,
that wrote the he's a, you know,
he's a UFO apologist air quotes. Okay.
Sideways face, right? Skeptical hippo face. Right.
Blank Monaco. Yeah.
Um, there's a lot of fuckery in that UFO world.
There's a lot of people that are making documentaries and a lot of people that
are, there's a real good one though,
about Bob Lasar called the Bob Lasar UFO's and area
51. I think that's exactly the title of it, but it's by my friend,
Jeremy Corbell and uh,
it's about this guy was a physicist who worked at, uh,
area S four in the Nevada desert, um, back engineering,
this craft that the government had recovered.
And immediately upon working there, I realized like,
what in the is this like right away knew that this was no technology
that we had currently available. I mean, this guy was a fizzle.
He was a physicist, a nuclear physicist at Los Alamos labs,
worked on weapons systems. Right. And would know, and got there and was like,
what are you guys doing? Like, what is this?
And they were basically explaining like these are recovered UFO's.
And one of them, apparently, according to him,
was very old and that it was from some sort of an archeological dig that they
found.
And the propulsion system that these things used was that they use
this element called element one 15 that wasn't even
proven to actually exist until I think it was
2013. They, uh, proved that it exists in a particle Collider.
But this guy was talking about in 1989.
And he said that they had a stable supply.
He keeps doing that. Oh, I'm sorry. It's all right. It's weird.
Maybe that's the whole problem.
That's UFO's the, um,
but this documentary is fascinating because the propulsion system that he's
describing is exactly the same that commander Fravor
had described in the tick-tock UFO that they found off of. You just got it,
shut it. So it doesn't make noise. I just turned it off. The everybody needs.
They do. I need I'm irrelevant, dude. I'm not irrelevant. No, no, no, no,
no stop saying that. Anyway, they, um,
the propulsion system that he described in 1989 is exactly the same propulsion
system that they witnessed this Tik TOK UFO using in
2007 or whatever it was that David Fravor had seen this thing off the coast of
San Diego.
So what those people that saw these crafts
that were monitoring them in the military, they were saying, they see these,
like every few months they see these things and they don't know what the they
are. They don't know what to do. They scrambled jets to go watch them.
They actively block their tracking systems.
And then they disappear faster than you can look at it. Just to just take off.
They have no idea what they are. They don't know where they're from.
They don't know what they're doing.
And then the Pentagon recently has come forth and release these statements.
And one of them being that they've recovered, crafts that are not of this world.
6.6, I'm up to 86.6. I that letter.
My little cigarillo went out. Oh no,
it dropped some dirty tobacco juice in this
thing. I'm going to scoop that bad boy out of there. I'm going to keep drinking.
Um, but I'm in dude, I'm on my like 95%. You're.
Down from a hundred and I'm up to six. Yeah. That's I.
Listen to him. I on and I got good stop. Stop. You're about,
I'm going to drink this with the ashes. I don't give a. Right.
I gotta turn my phone back on because I got to show you.
We gotta show me the pig. No, the pig, the pig, Whitney Cummings,
pig, Whitney Cummings, bang. I mean, I'm not a,
there's no way you could possibly, there it is.
Right there. Kapow.
There it is. Yeah. That's it. That's Whitney Cummings. Pigs.
So she was the first.
Person who explained to me that those miniature pigs.
No, right? Yeah. That's proof right there. Right? How little is that?
Well, they think they're miniature pigs. Cause they starved them.
So people buy this little tiny pig. They go, oh,
this is a miniature as a teacup pig. And like, oh great.
We wouldn't want that. You know, feed it. Right. And it grows to be Alex.
Ramondo bought three of them and they, they, he did.
And he lived up in Palmdale and he eventually, they just got out.
And then every once in a while he'd see them.
Now they have tusks and they weigh 450 pounds and you know, they're running.
So this place let's finish the story we
were.
On which story? Yeah.
Go back into them. The Bibles are documentaries and must-see, you should,
you should.
See it with no direct away. I love you. Do whatever you want. Um,
but the Bible is our documentaries and must-see, if you're,
if you're curious and on the fence about UFO's and I had that guy in here,
I talked to him,
he gave one of the first interviews that he's given in a long time.
And I picked his brain for hours. I'll go back and listen to it. He,
he didn't seem like a artist to me. He there's, there's some weird parts of it,
but there's always going to be weird parts.
When you talking about literally back engineering,
something that someone from another planet invented and using some
technology that we don't understand.
And one of the analogies that he had was imagine if you brought a nuclear
reactor to the 14 hundreds and introduced it to them,
which 14 hundreds is nothing 600 years ago, right?
In terms of the age of the universe, it's a, not even a blink of an eye.
I think we can just go back to 18 hundreds.
18 Hundreds, showman prized.
About a nuclear envelope. Let's go to 1936, a nuclear reactor.
That was his, um, his, I get it. This technology is,
it is technology.
It's clear that they figured out how to manipulate this element and use it to,
to bend gravity. And that that's the propulsion system.
Instead of using something that pushes like a fire that pushes against,
you know,
the wind and pushes you in a certain direction or propeller that pulls you into
a certain direction. Instead of that,
it bends gravity the way he described it as like, if you put a,
in a massively heavy bowling ball in the center of a bed, right.
And it just sunk everything into the bed.
That's basically like a very crude description of what this
element does. And with their, this reactor that they have on these spaceships,
that it literally bends gravity around.
It allows you to just instantaneously jettison that,
that ship into a, another position. They say, stop Joe.
I'm getting a bloodletting.
They're draining my blood into a ball to cure something that I've think I've
got. What'd you say again?
Um, I think they've been here forever.
I think they've been coming down here and observing us and waiting.
And it also coincides with, uh,
there's a giant jump in sightings right after the Manhattan project. Right.
So right after we started blowing up bombs.
They they're like, Hey, these folks, monkeys.
Let's go visit them again. Then.
They probably got, uh, you know, probably got a Newswire.
They probably got a Google news alert on their phones, like, oh,
Christ, look at these things. Look at these crazy monkeys. What have they.
Done? What have they done? What have they done? Okay. 91. I'm up to 91.
What are you down to 50%. We're we're uh.
I'm, I'm worried about trying to pull you out of it.
I'm always worried about things that I want to believe. If I want to believe it,
I'm always skeptical. Right? We do.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere, but after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify.